The one time I overestimated my holding abilities

Author: 2full

*000*2026-02-13 22:43

I would like to share the story of my only real pee accident. It happened a couple of years ago on the way home from work. I had to take a train and a bus to get home. This particular day I had to finish something at work and didn't have time to pee before leaving. So I was leaving work, already having to pee quite bad, but I thought I would just go on the train. But because of covid the train's toilets were closed. I became more nervous but I figured I would just go the toilet at my stop. I should mention that I was wearing middle blue jeans that day and my last pee was during lunch break.

It was snowing that day and the train stopped for some time before moving again. My need to pee got worse and worse. As I was exiting the train I had to take the bus immediately or wait another half an hour. On normal days I had about 15 minutes to catch the bus. I didn't want to wait that long so I got on the bus. The bus was pretty full but I found a seat. On the bus it became really urgent and I knew I made a mistake. As it was snowing, the bus ride was taking much longer too. I was sitting with my legs as close together as possible. I put one hand between my thighs in an attempt to hold better. I was too shy to put it directly at my crotch.

The bus was moving very slowly. After some time it became too much and I lost a short spurt. I panicked but stayed as calm as possible to not draw attention to me. 5 minutes later I spurted again. Every couple of minutes some pee kept leaking out. Somehow I made it to my stop. By now I had a wet patch at my crotch and I felt wetness on my butt. When the bus stopped, I stood up and lost some more. It was only a 3 minute walk home. But every couple of steps some more pee came out. Eventually after about half the distance I realised I was about to lose control. I stopped walking and put everything together to hold it, but I just couldn't stop it anymore and began wetting myself full force. It just gushed out and the jeans quickly got soaked. I peed for at least a minute and created a huge puddle on the sidewalk. It was very embarrassing as people kept passing by. After I finished I quickly walked home and took a shower.

*002*2026-02-15 22:54

{{3 hours ago, 3007LodeStar said:

Really a nice accident! What colour were your jeans of? And your outfit? Did you like it particularly?

}}

My jeans were mid blue, very standard. I remember wearing a black winter jacket, but I don't remember the rest of the outfit.

